hey I am home long time no see you
should have been with me on holiday in
Croatia oh my dear Lord and Savior Jesus
Holly Christ is there still war
I thought war ended in 1996 are you okay
what happened why are you all covered in
blood and D why are your clothes ripped
off don't worry I am okay there's no war
I am covered in blood because I went to
H&M store in Zagreb and wanted to buy a
t-shirt
what H&M store what does it have to do
with you being all bloody
well that's interesting story the H&M
store is new in Zagreb and poor Croatian
girls have never seen something like
that they are all obsessed with
low-level fashion so the opening of that
store is the most important happening in
Croatia since 1991 when they became an
independent country and said fuck off to
Serbia and the whole Yugoslavia thing oh
so then but still you didn't tell me why
are you all bloody like you were in the
battle for Luke over in 1991 when
Serbian Chetniks bombed that city as I
said Croatian girls are very miserable
so opening of H&M store is the most
important thing in their miserable lives
in the store was so crowded like there
was Michael Jackson's dead body lying on
the floor ready to be fucked by
homosexual necrophiles they want to own
every single shirt jacket and skirt in
that store so when I tried to buy a
t-shirt they attacked me they tried to
scratch my face with their fake plastic
nails with fake plastic diamonds which
they must have if they want to go in a
club with electrophilic music which is
extremely popular there oh my good lord
holy fuckin Jesus bloody Christ also
they ripped off my Tom Ford dress I was
wearing that's why I look like this they
were all yelling fuck you fuck you you
fuckin tourists it's not fair you have
that beautiful dress you should have
seen those pathetic primitive self
called ladies oh my holy fuckin Madonna
did you call the police of course I did
they came to see what's going on but
they didn't do anything they laughed at
me one police officer even took a photo
of me with his iPhone and sent it to
newspaper he said he'd get 100 Cunha's
for that it's less than 20 dollars
oh my dear fuckin Lord that's
unbelievable exactly that's all because
people are very poor there it's
impossible to get a job day and if you
were lucky enough to have a job you paid
like a street beggar Oh God why is that
so
it's because their government is fucked
up and their Senate or Evo standard-a
stole millions from country budget he's
in jail now the new senator is a woman
called your drank a kosarin she can't
speak English
ha ha ha ha ha you must be kidding me
but if the people are so poor how come
the police officer has no phone well I
don't really know why is that so but I
noticed that Croatian people all have
iPhones and had money to go shopping in
H&M store after that they go to fancy
bars where they spend millions on
martinis and cockt lies while talking
about how miserable they are good lord
by the way your skin is very dark where
did you get the tan I wanted to look
like Croatian girls while I was there so
I went to a tanning studio on the main
square in Zagreb I think I got fifth
level of melanoma or some other cancer
right away because the tanning lamps are
so old they are even covered in spider
webs oh Jesus
but fake tanning is totally out since
spring 2008 I know that but poor
Croatian girls don't know that I can't
blame them because they're so primitive
and poor they spent at least 2 hours a
day in a tanning machine so they look
like Orange Indians Jesus and Holly
Madonna maybe they were out of their
mind because they've got pts pee after
the war
probably unite oh wait a minute
I think they lost their right mind
because these days a guy who released
their country from Serbians got 24 years
in jail oh are you talking about general
get home inna yes general ghetto beaner
he got 24 years in jail for releasing
the country from Serbians and Serbian
Chetnik who destroyed Fuko van got only
5 years in jail but general get home
inna was a hero he still is a hero yeah
but it's all because of fucked-up
government and European Union probably
prefers Serbians or something like that
damn it
well general get home inna can at least
expect that some director will shoot a
film about him yeah he should be
portrayed by Kevin Costner or somebody
like that true but they probably picked
some idiot from Wrigley's spearmint
chewing gums commercial to portray him
they always choose
actors for great movies such as the
right with Anthony Hawkins and that
Wrigley's spearmint idiot who plays the
priest you right but I think that
Croatia at least deserves a decent film
because it's the only thing that could
ever be decent for that fucked-up
country yeah anyway what impressed me
the most is that proration police didn't
do anything when primitive orange tan
girls attacked you in H&M store I can't
believe that police isn't doing their
job oh I forgot to mention that I
crossed the street when the traffic
light was red but there was no cars
however the police officer showed up
from nowhere and charged me 700 Cunha's
for that oh holy shit
yeah I said I ain't got no cash
I have only American Express credit card
he didn't know what that is so he took
my Ray Ban sunglasses and said he'd give
it to his girlfriend who works as a
cleaning lady in H&M store
he also said she collects Ray Ban police
preyed on gucci sunglasses oh my
goodness
Holly Allah Buddha and fuckin Virgin
Mary seems like you had great time there
next time by coming with you for show oh
yeah of course you are my dear sister
everyone should come Croatia for life
seal
you